humans have seven major holes in our
bodies
our mouth ears nose eyes and our
you know down under hey we're australia
g'day mate we're also a taurus
if you dig geometry a human ring a donut
a life boy even a bagel bagel
don't forget the shmear seriously
counting the pores in your skin and the
rest
they're beating millions of holes though
trillions more likely
holy cow we're holy the human body is
made up of over seven
octillion atoms that's a lot of zeroes
you can count those i'm not yipes
stripes
zebra skunks squirrels and tigers aren't
the only
animals with stripes so are you
dermatologists call our stripes
blushko's lines
no blashko doesn't own them they're all
yours
these stripes are invisible to the naked
eye but they cover your entire body
don't try to use them to blend into the
grass it won't work
now they might be cute but squirrels
cause the most power outages in the u.s
they like to make their homes in places
they shouldn't or electricals
your stomach acid is so strong it can
dissolve pennies
really just trust me on this
multitasking is kind of a myth
actually try to count something simple
like the buttons on your computer
while saying the alphabet if you can be
very impressed with yourself
bodies throw thermal radiation off as a
tiny amount of light
this light is 1000 times less visible
than the normal light
so you're not a torch yet nerve endings
send information to our brains at 250
miles per hour
that's why banging your toe hurts so
quickly
breathe in deep through your nose air
only goes up one nostril at a time
and our nostrils take turns at it
sharing is caring
our brains tell us when our bodies hurt
but they can't feel pain themselves
there are no pain receptors in the brain
by the way your brain can produce
enough electricity to power a single
light bulb
aren't you the bright spark
love roller coasters your organs don't
that feeling of your stomach rising is
what actually happens
hold on every human has a unique smell
except for identical twins they share
the same dna
and the same smell our fingerprints
aren't just for identifying us to police
if we've done something wrong
the ridges allow our skin to stretch to
prevent
damage and improve our sense of touch
when you're scared
you can become a lot stronger than you
were before
maybe not lift a car strong but you
won't feel pain or fatigue as quickly
our feet sweat so much because they have
about 250
000 glands aren't you glad to know that
i don't recommend counting this but we
take over 20 000 breaths a day
no wonder it's so windy sometimes
you can go longer without food than
without sleep
the longest someone has ever stayed
awake was 11 days and 25 minutes
randy gardner's record still stands as
guinness world records has stopped
certifying all records for public safety
snails can sleep for three years so they
win
if you walk for 12 hours a day it would
take you nearly 700 days to walk around
the world
plus a few pairs of shoes one of the
most famous
photos taken from space was the earth
rise
apollo 8 never landed on the moon but on
christmas eve
1968 the three astronauts witnessed and
took the very first photo of the earth
rising above its natural satellite
meanwhile
the lowest temperature a human has been
intentionally cooled to
was 48.2 degrees fahrenheit in 1955
a woman was cooled down for surgery for
one hour
she was gently warmed back up and didn't
have any lasting bad effects
the longest kiss went on for over 58
hours
a couple from thailand made the record
claiming the guinness world records
title and the cash prize
to make it even sweeter it was on
valentine's day too
ah human beings that's you and me
have five vital organs that we need to
survive the brain
heart kidneys liver and lungs
take care of them please we only need
one lung and one kidney
and we don't even need a stomach if your
stomach is removed
surgeons will just connect your
esophagus to your small intestine
and you can eat again our spleen
appendix and gallbladder can all go as
well
the liver is the only organ that can
regrow itself
in as little as six months the human
body has over 100 trillion
cells at any given time and 10 times
that of bacteria
over 60 species of those live in our
belly buttons
made up of dry skin cells types of wax
and oils
ear wax is actually a type of sweat
belly buttons are excellent lint
catchers tiny hairs grow on the inside
to grab any small particles
and if you look closely they all look
grey too
the majority of our bones are in our
feet and hands
while teeth aren't counted as bones
because they can't heal
cotton candy was invented by a dentist
in the 1890s
ironic huh over half of our body weight
is made up of water
while our mouth produces enough saliva
to fill 300 cars a year
300 cars full of spit go for a ride
do you wake up still tired sometimes and
wonder why
our brains are sometimes more active
when we are sleeping than awake
must be dreaming about more bright side
videos huh
well humans are not the fastest or
strongest animals in the world
we are the only creatures that excel at
long distance running
long legs and the ability to control our
temperature through sweating
allows us to outrun every animal even a
land shark
if there was such a thing try as hard as
you like
it is impossible to tickle yourself
gorillas laugh when they are tickled as
well
spider webs used to be used as bandages
the webs are naturally antiseptic and
anti-fungal
but i'm not sure if spiders would like
you taking their home
more germs are past shaking hands than
kissing
even hugging someone when you're sick is
less likely to share the germs than a
handshake
human teeth are made up of different
minerals but are just as strong
as shark teeth well i wouldn't be biting
a surfboard to find this out
in 15 seconds our bodies produce more
new cells
than people living in the us in five
minutes
more than the entire world population
donating blood in sweden is encouraged
so
when your donation is used a text is
sent to let you know
bubble wrap was invented for wallpaper
in our homes
it didn't take off thankfully but it did
create the fun air bubbles we love to
pop
so does my dog packaging protection
optional our noses can recognize a
trillion different smells
while our tongues can only remember 100
individual tastes muscles can tire very
easily
and get the chance to rest when we sleep
the only muscle that can't take a break
is our heart good thing having a coffee
at room temperature tastes different
from hot and cold coffee
our taste buds are the most sensitive to
flavor when things are 70 degrees
fahrenheit
that's why we taste the bitter more the
average person spends six months of
their life
waiting for red lights to turn green and
five years
waiting in lines oh boy lightning
has enough energy to heat the air to 50
000 degrees fahrenheit
five times hotter than the surface of
the sun better stay indoors
tapping your chin when you're thinking
is something only a human can do
no other animal has a chin a blue
whale's heartbeat can be heard from two
miles away
you might miss it though it only beats
eight to ten times per minute
big smiles say cheese in victorian times
the word was prune because smiling was
left to the common folk in photos
yeah the upper class looked pretty grim
the name jessica wasn't used until 1596
when shakespeare's play the merchant of
venice came to the stage
run out of soap no problem the human
body has enough fat
to make seven bars of soap does your cat
or dog sneeze a lot
well you might be the problem our pets
can be allergic to us humans
the queen of england has had the same
body double for 30 years
she stands in for her majesty at
rehearsals and makes sure that the
paparazzi have all the right angles for
her
the only thing she can't do is sit on
the throne
well the official one our tongue prints
are just as unique as our fingerprints
hopefully we won't use that for
passports here buddy lick this
if our eyes were a camera they would be
576 megapixels and you thought your
smartphone was good
a fingernail will replace itself in
about six months
while a toenail can take up to a year
and ten percent of your waking hours are
with your eyes
shut every few seconds blinking takes
away
milliseconds out of the day don't blink
or you'll miss it